[docs] Update using-fcm.md (#18806)
expo/expo: docs/pages/push-notifications/using-fcm.md

> git---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

title: Using FCM for Push Notifications
sidebar_title: Using FCM

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

4. In your app.json, add an `android.googleServicesFile` field with the relative path to the `google-services.json` file you just downloaded. If you placed it in the root directory, this will probably look like

```javascript
{
  ...
  "android": {
    "googleServicesFile": "./google-services.json",
    ...
  }
}
```

5. Confirm that your API key in `google-services.json` has the correct "API restrictions" in the [Google Cloud Platform API Credentials console](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials). For push notifications to work correctly, Firebase requires the API key to either be unrestricted (the key can call any API), or have access to both `Firebase Cloud Messaging API` and `Firebase Installations API`. The API key can be found under the `client.api_key.current_key` field in `google-services.json`.

```javascript
{
  ...
  "client": [
    {
      "api_key": [
        {
          "current_key" "<your Google Cloud Platform API key>",
        }
      ],
    }
  ]
}
```

> > **Note:** Firebase will create an API key in the Google Cloud Platform console with a name like `Android key (auto created by Firebase)`. **This is not always the same key as the one found in `google-services.json`. Always confirm your key and associated restrictions in the Google Cloud Platform console.**

Reviewer 2: Those whitespaces are intentional, and they ensure that code block and callout is nested under list entry.

Reviewer: I didn't realize the callout was nested. Will have to check again. Thanks for pointing it out 👍

Author: @Simek Thanks for pointing that out. I forgot to save without formatting.

@amandeepmittal I made another [PR](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/19330/files) du to problems with the change of the file extension. Thank you

3. Copy the token listed next to **Server key**.

>   > **Note:** Server Key is only available in **Cloud Messaging API (Legacy)**, which may be Disabled by default. Enable it by clicking the 3-dot menu > Manage API in Google Cloud Console and follow the flow there. Once the legacy messaging API is enabled, you should see Server Key in that section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Server Key is only available in **Cloud Messaging API (Legacy)**, which may be Disabled by default. Enable it by clicking the 3-dot menu > Manage API in Google Cloud Console and follow the flow there. Once the legacy messaging API is enabled, you should see Server Key in that section.
```

> 4. In your [expo account](https://expo.dev/), select your project, and click on Credentials in the navigation menu. Click on your Application Identifier _(something like com.yourcompany.yourapp)_. 

Reviewer: These points are not coming up with as number 4 or number 5. I think adding the note in between might be breaking the flow of numbered list. Can you please have a look to fix this?

<img width="885" alt="CleanShot 2022-09-29 at 04 21 17@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10234615/192902344-ef9f9f71-873b-4f81-8920-bc6dc9e3b315.png">

> 4. In your [expo account](https://expo.dev/), select your project, and click on Credentials in the navigation menu. Click on your Application Identifier _(something like com.yourcompany.yourapp)_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In your [Expo account's dashboard](https://expo.dev/), select your project, and click on **Credentials** in the navigation menu. Then, click on your **Application Identifier** that follows the pattern:`com.company.app`.
```

>   > **Note:** For Legacy Application Identifiers, run `expo push:android:upload --api-key <your-token-here>`, replacing `<your-token-here>` with the string you just copied. We'll store your token securely on our servers, where it will only be accessed when you send a push notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** For Legacy Application Identifiers, run `expo push:android:upload --api-key <your-token-here>`, replacing `<your-token-here>` with the string you just copied. We'll store your token securely on our servers, where it will only be accessed when you send a push notification.
```

> 5. Check that all of your Service Credentials are correctly filled in. If your FCM Server Key is empty, add the copied Server key from step 3. If the FCM Server Key is populated, verify that the last characters match the Server Key from step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check that all of your **Service Credentials** are filled correctly. If the **FCM Server Key** is empty, add the copied **Server key** from **Step 3**. If the FCM Server Key is populated, verify that the last characters match the **Server Key** from **Step 3**.
```

>   > **Note:** Having Service Credentials in both Legacy and non-legacy Application Identifiers can prevent push notifications from working on android devices. If you have a Legacy Application Identifier, you might need to remove all of its Service Credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Having Service Credentials in both Legacy and non-legacy Application Identifiers can prevent push notifications from working on android devices. If you have a Legacy Application Identifier, you might need to remove all of its Service Credentials. 
```

> That's it -- users who run this new version of the app will now receive notifications through FCM using your project's credentials. You just send the push notifications as you normally would (see [guide](sending-notifications.md)). We'll take care of choosing the correct service to send the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who run this new version of the app will now receive notifications through FCM using your project's credentials. You can now send push notifications normally. For more information, see [Sending Notifications](/push-notifications/sending-notifications/). We'll take care of choosing the correct service to send the notification.
```

Unrelated to this PR, but I think it is nice to have this improvement.
